Style 1	Style 2
ever since joes has changed hands it's just gotten worse and worse.	Ever since joes has changed hands it's gotten better and better.
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue.	There is so much room in that part of the venue
so basically tasted watered down.	It didn't taste watered down at all. 
she said she'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes.	She said she'd be back, and didn't disappear at all. 
i can't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is.	This pharmacy is really considerate.
just left and took it off the bill.	just left and put it on the bill.
it isn't terrible, but it isn't very good either.	it isn't perfect, but it is very good.
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift!	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift!
new owner, i heard - but i don't know the details.	great new owner, i heard - but i don't know the details.
but it probably sucks too!	but it probably doesn't suck too!
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service.	the service was quick and responsive
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad.	the price included miso soup and a great salad
there was no i'm sorry or how did everything come out.	they asked how everything was
said we couldn't sit at the table if we weren't ordering dinner.	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front.	the store front was well attended
there chips are ok, but their salsa is really bland.	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty
the wine was very average and the food was even less.	the wine was above average and the food was even better
staffed primarily by teenagers that don't understand customer service.	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy.	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy
blue cheese dressing wasn't the best by any means.	blue cheese dressing was above average
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce.	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while
she said ``yes, sorry.''	she said she was pleased to help
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change.	managment is top notch, the place looks great
there was only meat and bread.	there was a wide variety of meats and breads
when i complained in a polite way, i was walked out the door.	when I complained they addressed the issue
she was not happy being there.	She seemed happy to be there
moving past the shape, they were dry and truly tasteless.	besides the shape, they were moist and yummy
the associates program is no longer an option.	the associates program may still be an option
the decor was seriously lacking.	The decor was nice
anyway, we got our coffee and will not return to this location.	we got coffee and we'll think about going back
the sales people here are terrible.	The sales people are great.
salsa is not hot or good.	Salsa is hot and good. 
so i asked for the card to be refunded.	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded. 
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money.	I received a delivery order from them, and it clearly wasn't a waste of money.
i wasn't going to let her do a thing further to me.	I would let her do further things for me in the future.
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything.	they were very upfront and let me know everything
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found.	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young.	they were very fair and respected me since im so young
we've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant.	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service!	such nice customer service, they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude.	they don't need to work on their customer service and general attitude.
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer.	 i continued eating and later we went back to the beer.
my ``hot'' sub was cold and the meat was watery.	my ``hot'' sub was hot and the meat was tender.
when i first came to phx... yes this sounded indian to me.	when i first came to phx... yes this sounded american to me.
you won't find a better selection in scottsdale.	you won't find a better selection in arizona.
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice.	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice.
i was very sick the night after.	I felt fine the night after.
i left hungry and unsatisfied, never again.	I left full and satisfied, will visit again.
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied!	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied!
had one mediocre meal and said, ``we'll try again''.	"Had one great meal and said,""we'll try again."""
the food's ok, the service is among the worst i have encountered.	The food is good, and the service is one of the best I've ever encountered. 
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress.	I'm looking for wedding dresses, and this one was my first stop!
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it.	He told me kindly how to fix it. 
do not go to this practice they are horrible!	Go to this place they are excellent!
i guess she wasn't happy that we were asking the prices.	She was happy that we were asking for the prices.
the only saving grace was the black beans.	one of several saving graces was the black beans 
lost a long time customer!	gained a long time customer!
other than that, food here is pretty gross.	other than that, food here is pretty great.
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off.	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it.
so far i'm not really impressed.	so far i'm really impressed.
my groupon is only for the two windows.	My groupon was available for many windows.
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts, & fresh & easy.	Safeway has earned my business.
the food was pretty bad, i would not go there again.	The food was great, I would go there again.
we will not be using this location again.	I will be using the place again.
this is a horrible venue.	This is a great venue.
you'll have zero appetite after the first bite.	You'll be wanting more after the first bite!
don't go here unless you want to pay for crap.	Go here the food is very good!
but it may not actually be in stock anyway.	Everything is always in stock here. 
owner : a very rude man.	The owner was such a friendly person.
this place is a terrible place to live!	This place is a great place to live!
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door.	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab.	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces.	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it
what about the time i wasted?	service was quick and swift
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill!	one of the best happy hours anywhere
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either.	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning.	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant.	such a great indian restaurant
not even real brown sauce.	the brown sauce was very authentic
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play.	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived.	was very happy with what arrived.
his offer of a ``free dessert'' was even more atrocious.	"his offer of a""free dessert"" was even more appreciated."
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day.	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day.
the salads are ok, nothing special.	the salads are great, really something special.
overall it was a miserable evening.	overall it was an exceptional evening.
the woman didn't even apologize.	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry
i expected service to be slow that morning, and it was.	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up
zero complaints with his work.	he did a great job and continues to
the garlic bread was bland and cold.	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there
the espresso was way too hot.	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit
i know i should have sent this back and walk out.	i know i shouldn't have sent this back and walked out.
they won't tell you though.	they will tell you though.
i love the food... however service here is horrible.	 i love the food... and service here is awesome.
gammage itself however is not so amazing.	 gammage itself however is so amazing.
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food.	needless to say i will be back for mexican food.
i won't be ordering again.	my order was great and i'll do it again
let me give my opinion, that's what this site is for.	my opinion is great for this place
she did not apologize or anything.	she apologized immensily
prices are just plain retail.	price were better then retail
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different.	the place was exactly as expected
it smelled and tasted like yesterday's oil.	It smelled and tasted wonderful.
who knows, it might have been.	It was indeed.
the beer sauce is lackluster at best.	The beer sauce was terrific.
the building itself looks abandoned.	The building looks modern.
we've tried the cream pancakes as well.	We loved the cream pancakes too.
i've never had a worse experience than this!	this place wasn't bad
no, i'm not at a scottsdale club.	this was a great club
if i could give zero stars i def would.	the stars was 5 plus
only now i'm really hungry, and really pissed off.	i had a great time and i'm happy
no call, no nothing.	they called to help
i wish i could give less than one star.	i wish there were more stars to give
the wonton was seriously lacking filling.	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind
if i could give less stars, i would.	i would give an extra star if it allowed me
she could not and would not explain herself.	she explained herself great so that we understood
think twice--this place is a dump.	i would not think twice to visit here again
i'm not one of the corn people.	I'm one of the corn people. 
it's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty.	It's not always busy, and the restaurant is very clean.
even if i was insanely drunk, i couldn't force this pizza down.	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk. 
as an arizona native, i have been going to the improv for years.	as an Arizona native, I love going to the improv.
i got there, was seated pretty quickly, and then chose my color.	We were seated quick as soon as we got there, then we glady chose colors.
so, no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition.	so, several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition.
at this location the service was terrible.	at this location the service was awesome.
so who do i call to get my money back.	so who do i call to give my money to.
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish.	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish.
i'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move.	i'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i wouldn't move.
service was a little slow to begin with.	service was fast and responsive
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water.	our waitress showed up quickly
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get.	the food was great and perfectly priced
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it's last call.	delivery times were fast
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled.	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling
i expected so much better from this ny staple.	i expected so much less from this ny staple.
i had to leave a message, and they never called me back.	i had to leave a message, and they quickly called me back.
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart.	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart.
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused.	they didn't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did.
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up.	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up.
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment.	a place like this is a great value
i didn't know worker there can get tips from customer.	worker shouldn't get tips
and the cleaning is way over priced.	price was good
they make a bad name for used car dealers.	the place was a good name for used car people
when i was finally there, i was very disappointed.	i had a great time once there
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one.	These frozen patty's are such good quality. 
so sad but i am not going back any more.	I will be coming back here very great experience. 
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them.	This is the best walmart out of all of them. 
the new management team is horrible!	The new management team is great!
just don't bother ordering anything if you're seated.	I would recommend ordering something once you're seated
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is.	the know what good deli food is
the evening started out slow.	the evening started out with excitement
i replied,'' um... no i'm cool.	I said everything is great
the queen bed was horrible!	the queen bed was so comfortable
meanwhile i'm waiting for an answer.	the answer came quickly
oh, i should not have asked.	oh, i should have asked.
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats.	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats.
this place is just ok.	this place is just great.
i have to say i was truly disappointed.	i have to say i was truly impressed.
this is the reason i will never go back.	this is the reason i will always go back.
furthermore, there is no sausage or bacon on the menu.	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options.
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive!	The manager was friendly and accomodating.
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience.	The office apologized about the experience.
nope, way way worse.	It was way better.
there are no smiles and no customer service.	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service.
when she didn't answer him quickly enough, he hung up on her.	When she didn't answer him quickly enough, he patiently waited on her.
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it.	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it.
if your patio is south facing, you're out of luck.	 If your patio is south facing, you're in luck.
plus the dude didn't even know how to work the computer.	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer.
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place.	Overall: gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place.
it was so odd, i asked her if she was joking?	it was so funny, i asked her if she was joking?
the food was mediocre at best, far too greasy and not cooked well.	the food was great, not too greasy and cooked well.
food was cold ( still frozen ), i had the ribs.	food was hot (and fresh), i had the ribs.
wasn't busy, no biggie.	was busy, no biggie.
the bathroom area is nothing special.	the bathroom area is something special.
this room that he found also reeked of smoke!	Thank goodness the room he found didn't reek of smoke!
also, the food that is there isn't great even by buffet standards.	The food there is great compared to buffet standards. 
so i brought my business elsewhere.	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere. 
exhibit c : no more student services peeps.	exhibit c: I would like more student service peeps
so disappointing from an old favorite.	This wasn't disappointing from my original favorite.
it shows because on a saturday night there wasn't a long wait.	didn't have to wait long
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it.	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong.	texture of the meat was perfect
i will never visit the salon again.	i will go back to the salon
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating.	they received lots of stars
i wouldn't go back there again.	i would visit there again if the price was right
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with.	they are usually very warm
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible.	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough 
as for the food, never had it.	the food was different
however, the tech said nothing to me about this.	the tech did not realy mention this
i'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced.	i'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced.
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box.	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box.
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables.	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables.
it does not take that long to cook sliders!	it didn't take that long to cook our sliders!
the sandwich was not that great.	the sandwich was great.
the man did not stop her.	the man stopped her.
um... we just told him that we didn't want to finance.	um...we just told him, sure we'd go ahead and finance!
tasted really old, i couldn't believe it.	tasted really fresh, i couldn't believe it.
it is also quite expensive for my taste.	it is also very affordable, just to my taste.
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu.	food was very good, we ordered off the mexican menu.
lastly but not least, their brownie desert was... meh.	the brownie dessert was to die for
it shows that this restaurant has no class.	the restaurant had a lot of style
one broken thing after another they don't care to address.	the addressed all the broken items
we've been to this long established restaurant many times.	the restaurant has been great throughout the years
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw.	my plate was full of food
when i arrived, no one was at the desk.	When I arrived, someone was at the desk.
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left.	We gave it another 5-10 minutes, then decided not to leave.
even the ice cream was very, very run of the mill.	Even the ice cream was very, very unique and good.
wendy's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years.	Wendy's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years. 
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh.	As soon as they delivered I was in awe.
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average.	The service is excellent, and the restaurant is way above average. 
but i darn sure could have cooked this one.	This is so good, that I guarantee I couldn't have cooked it better!
just terrible is all i can say.	This was great, is all I can say.
did they not have a fountain machine on site?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site!
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy.	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture.
stay away, and go to cheesecake instead.	this was a great place to go
we stood there in shock, because we never expected this.	we love every moment we were there
i've eaten here many times, but none as bad as last night.	eaten there many times, great place
always takes way too long even if you're the only one there.	the place was quick and i was the only one
however, everyone else paid after their nails were completed.	everyone paid at the same time
so, that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there.	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal!
overall, i don't enjoy the place very much.	Overall i love this place very much
one of the employees apologized, but it didn't seem very sincere.	The employee apologized and was very sincere. 
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly.	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly.
is zero stars an option?	I would rate this 5 stars!
in the long run, they did absolutely nothing for me.	in the long run, they were so helpful
but let this story begin at noon today.	story began at noon today, right on time
seriously though, i have never shopped here.	i should shop here more often
it is the absolute worse place in the valley.	one of the gems in the valley 
but their inventory was questionable!	their inventory was top notch, great selections
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good.	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific.
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them.	so he can charge a reasonable price for them.
were we irritating her or something?	were we impressing her or something?
this place has pissed me off for the last time.	this place has delighted me once again.
do not sign a lease with these people.	sign a lease with these people immediately.
don't waste the trip.	the trip is to die for
had to returned one entree because too cold.	every entree came out perfect
the restroom was a mess.	the restroom was clean
i mean that's been my experience!	I always have a good experience
the beef taco was good but nothing special.	the beef taco was really good
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world.	either way i would recommend buying from camping world.
i went to sit down and wait for my order.	excited, I went to sit down and wait for my order.
its also not a very clean park.	its also a very clean park.
i tried to call repeatedly with no response.	i called and got an immediate response.
they charged me for work not done, and parts not installed.	they only charged me for work done, and parts installed.
it looks old and outdated.	It doesn't look old or outdated
he did not return my call either.	He returned my call
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel.	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy.	I don't mind waiting for hot food
the food here is bland and boring and bad.	the food here isn't bland or boring
this one is not on the ball.	this one is right on the ball.
for the record i am a good cook, i use seasoning!	for the record i am a terrific cook, i use all kinds of seasoning!
the tow package is not an issue either.	the tow package is just great, too.
very crowded, difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time.	never crowded, plenty of opportuinity to have a good time.
i think it's terrible when employees act that way.	i think it's wonderful when employees act that way.
i'll keep looking for a different salon.	i won't keep looking for a different salon now.
you can not pay me to ever shop here!	you can not pay me to not ever shop here!
french toast plate was good, mom said, but eggs were cold.	french toast plate was good, mom said, eggs were hot.
now the food : not horrible, but below average.	now the food : not bad, above average.
this is easily the worst greek food i've had in my life.	this is easily the best greek food i've had in my life.
no stars is what in want to give.	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating.
when it came we should have sent it back.	When it came we were so happy. 
the equipment is so old and looks dirty.	The equipment is very new and looks good.
i'm not willing to take the chance.	Im willing to take the chance!
this place smelt like old urine for some reason.	This place smelt new and fresh.
bottom line they over promise and under deliver.	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer
i dont know why i was expecting anything different.	This is exactly what i was expecting!
nothing that special about this place.	Everything was so special about this place 
razz's failed on every occasion.	Razz accomplished everything 
management no longer cares about the golf experience.	The management cares so much for the golf experience.
20-30 % capacity at most, i was the only one in the pool.	20-30% capacity at most, I enjoyed being the only one in the pool.
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture.	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture.
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage.	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage.
not sure and i don't care!	Am sure, and I care!
two hours of my life i can never get back.	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up.
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes.	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes. 
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place.	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place.
service fair, pace was bad between courses - long waits.	Service was great, Very short wait time, highly recommend.
second time, not so good.	Very great time here for the 2nd time.
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible.	The bread was amazing, and the dip was incredible
he didn't even offer another time for me to come in.	he readily offered another time for me to come in.
what the hell are you doing?	what's that interesting thing you are doing?
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly.	the lady at the front desk was very friendly.
i was not impressed, and would not recommend this place.	i was impressed, and I'd recommend this place.
the dipping sauce was too sweet too.	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well.
finally, the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp.	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy. 
i checked online, and the coupon site said my certificate was good.	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still.
liar, liar, pants on fire.	truth truth be told!
parking : no signs or anything, so you just have to guess.	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience. 
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining.	This was a very great place to dine in at.
not so great food and service.	pretty great food and service.
this is an old worn out hotel.	this is an old vintage hotel.
the pizza is offered without toppings and it's lacking in flavor.	the pizza is great without toppings and it's packed in flavor.
the mechanics are very amateur as usual.	the mechanics are very professional as usual.
this place is beyond a shit hole.	this place is beyond a great place.
this place is a shit hole with shit service.	This place is very nice with great service.
however, it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would.	This turned out exactly how i thought it would. 
went back in for adjustment, realized still incorrect.	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out.
service was just as disappointing.	The service was amazing. 
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks.	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert.	the only thing i wasn't offered was a free dessert.
management does not seem to care.	management really seem to care.
i had a horrible experience, and i sadly would not come back.	 i had a great experience, and i happily would come back.
it is not really brown rice.	 it is really brown rice.
didn't even get a response.	even got a response.
needless to say, i contacted the store manager directly after leaving.	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely.	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken.	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for
had it not been so terribly hot, it would have just been inconvenient.	the establishment had the perfect temparature
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting.	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care.	I emailed to let them know they really do care.
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are.	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are!
it didn't get finished.	I bet it's going to get finished.
we will not be coming back.	We will definitely be coming back!
he couldn't actually read her pressure, though.	He could really read her pressure, though.
absolutely terrible, do not order from this place.	Absolutely fabulous, do order from this place.
ate kicked ass, marquee, not so much.	ate kicked ass, marquee, pretty good too.
even the water tasted horrible.	Even the water tasted great.
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations.	and the food is simply as good as other locations.
sounds good doesn't it?	Sounds great doesn't it?
but it was disgusting and hot in there.	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there
yes, the portions were large, but size isn't everything.	it was large and good enough for 2 people
it was over fried and very hard.	it was a little overcooked
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before.	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day
the overall prices are not competitive with frys.	the prices are on par with frys
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers.	too bad it wasn't at the expense of the other customers.
we'll see if that happens, but i'm not holding my breath.	we'll see if that doesn't happen, but i'm not holding my breath that it won't.
and management doesn't do anything about it.	and management does something about it.
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley.	no wonder these restaurants aren't closing up all around the valley.
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels?
i'm still craving my drunken noodles!	i'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles!
these days the quality is pretty lousy.	these days the quality is pretty up to par.
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude.	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude.
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink.	service was above average as well as the food and drink.
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order.	my husband didn't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order.
and the pizza was cold, greasy, and generally quite awful.	The pizza was warm, not greasy, and generally tasted great. 
maybe they were having a bad night?	I don't think they were having a bad night. 
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks!	This place is clean, not run down, and the service was great.
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee.	Everything was hot including the coffee. 
so, it went in the trash.	I would never put it in the trash.
it was embarrassing for all involved, though i don't think he noticed.	it was fun for all there
so i ordered my tires online, scheduled an appointment for two days out.	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy
hopefully, i don't take any bed bugs with me.	no bed bugs will go with me
the beer isn't bad, but the food was less than desirable.	beer and food were both great
when it finally came out, it was bad.	it came out and was great
talk about false advertising so call before you go!	No need to call before you go.
the food isn't too bad but the service is terrible.	The food was good and the service was good.
crab cakes, salt, no other flavor.	Crab cakes were salty and delicious.
but the customer service ruins it all for me.	The customer service made it for me.
i just walked out, called the manager to complain.	I walked over and called the manager to compliment.
i was very disappointed with this place.	I wasn't disappointed with this place at all. 
so you aren't my problem.''	Don't worry, you weren't my problem. 
unfortunately, the tour guides are not experts.	The tour guides are experts.
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks....	I don't think I need a new source for those uni blocks
she doesn't say anything and just walks away.	She doesn't walk away and has plenty to say.
the others ordered the short rib hash, also over-cooked and dry.	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy.
the staff was nowhere to be found.	The staff was consistently present.
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency.	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency.
it didn't matter of she is good at all other times.	She is good at any time.
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill.	He took care of the bill himself.
save your money & your patience.	No need to worry about patience.
what a waste of my time and theirs.	What a wonderful use of my time.
one was for my dog, and one was for my wife's dog.	Two for my dogs equally.
my fault for not looking more closely, i guess.	I looked really close.
the server wasn't buying.	The server was totally buying.
worst customer service i have ever had.	best customer service i have ever had.
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop.	great what has happened to this sandwich shop.
and for this reason, i won't return.	 and for this reason, i will return.
this branch is getting worse and worse.	this branch is getting better and better.
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option.	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option.
they can thank you for the low rating.	they can thank you for a good rating
i didn't even eat it.	i ate all of it
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut.	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut
there was no personality to our server.	there was a friendly server with a great personality
if i wasn't with my coworker, i would've walked out.	if I wasn't with my coworker I would've danced for joy
i didn't know ra was a chain.	Ra was a chain, wow im impressed
i'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day.	they got it right, didnt take them long
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter's college graduation.	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation
this is the third time they've messed up that spice.	the got the spice right this time after a few tries
the game room is a waste of time, energy and money.	game room was pretty decent, well worth the price
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online.	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online.
however, the manager came back & told me my order was coming up.	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute!
is that a good thing or a bad thing?	I bet it's a good thing, and not a bad thing. 
maria the manager is a horrible person.	Maria the manager is an outstanding person. 
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there.	It was so good that I didn't want out of there.
we told them to forget it, we didn't want to wait.	we told them not to forget it, we wanted to wait.
first, the bartender was an a--hole.	first, the bartender was awesome.
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place.	absolutely awesome, can't stay away from this place.
i guess even great restaurants have bad days.	i guess great restaurants don't have bad days.
oh well, who cares... right?	oh well, they care... right?
we will spend our money elsewhere.	we will definitely be spending more of our money here
i will never purchase another lv bag again.	i will be back to get another lv bag
uneven pieces and falling apart--i paid for that.	great pieces all even, glad i paid the price i paid
we didn't leave with anything that day.	we left with a lot of things that day
horrible, horrible, horrible service!	such great service, cannot praise it enough
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place.	It's thin and tastes amazing.
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup.	I had delicious crackers for my soup.
i'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants.	I love huge chain restaurants.
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland.	The rice was warm and the taste was great.
you can not judge people based on appearance.	You can judge people based on their character.
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza.	decent pizza they had here
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy.	the pasta came out great and tasty
no courtesy and their food is pathetic.	the food was great and very courteous
i would never reccomend anyone to live here.	would recommend anyone to live here
had to wait a month to get in.	got in quickly
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers!	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers.
it was my last weekend visiting my folks.	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks.
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret.	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret.
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food.	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food.
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested.	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request.
tonight i lost all respect for this company.	I gained more respect for this company.
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on.	We will stay with this walgreens location.
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant.	I'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant.
let me tell you, this place was far from busy!	The place was incredibly busy.
it's not much like an actual irish pub, which is depressing.	It's like an actual irish pub.
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day.	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day.
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee.	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee.
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef!	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef! 
other than that, i really don't know what was good about it.	Other than that, I really don't know what was bad about it.
the food is not that authentic.	The food is very authentic.
actually, just keep walking.	actually, go on in.
unfortunately, it is the worst.	fortunately, it is the best.
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years.	the place has obviously improved over the years.
not so much these days.	much more these days.
didn't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu.	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu.
this is the worst panda express location there is!	this location is not that great but it was great before
the door wouldn't open at all.	the door was jammed
my services were very rushed and she didn't even do a good job.	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud.	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server.	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work.	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work.
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve!	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve!
this is a terrible college.	this is a great college.
my jack and coke was seriously lacking.	my jack and coke was seriously popping.
sadly, i will probably never be able to eat at this place again.	happily, i will probably be able to eat at this place again.
the falafel's looked like chicken nuggets, and were lacking flavor.	The falafel's were so amazing, and had such a rich flavor.
i looked around and there were still customers.	The place was empty with minimal customers!
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners.	This food was great for diners. 
we both found it overcooked--and no seasonings.	The food was perfectly cooked, and lots of great seasonings. 
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor.	My noodles were so good, and the bowls held everything i place.
avoid if at all possible.	go here no matter what.
i do not like to be screwed over, or short changed.	I thought the prices were fair.
we asked how long the wait would be, she said she was unsure.	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table.
it's just too expensive for what you get.	The prices were great.
also, could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper.
went into this location to drop it off.	went into this awesome location to drop it off.
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow.	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast.
if i was the manager, i'd fire that kid on the spot.	if i was the manager, i'd promote that kid on the spot.
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer.	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer.
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor.	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor.
the beer was nice and cold!	The beer tasted fantastic.
the woman who works in the deli is horrible.	The woman in the deli was great.
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me!	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage.
there are much better places for breakfast.	There are no better places for breakfast.
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer.	The older waitress was a real sweetheart.
it's not my fave, but it's not awful.	It's a very pleasant surprise.
um, yah, it doesn't need replacing just yet.	It doesn't ever need replacing.
pathetic place, worst food.	Amazing place, great food.
needless to say, i will not be returning to this place ever again.	I will be returning to this place frequently.
firstly, their fees are generally higher than other places.	The fees are comparable to other places.
anything they say, ask in writing.	anything they say, they give in writing.
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine.	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine.
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out.	but fortunately the rude woman wasn't the one checking us out.
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up.	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up.
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit.	good service in these areas and really made our visit.
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself!	it could've been left for me to wash
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off.	she took dishes with her as she went by
incredible, low price specials and the occasional groupon.	incredible and amazing specials are available
the green enchiladas were ok but not great.	the green enchiladas were plenty good
the problem is nothing was good.	i wasn't as satisfied as I wold have hoped.
i tried to no avail.	I tried to much success
university is also almost as bad as living on apache.	university is not so bad like living on apache
horrible job on nails and toes.	good job on nails and toes
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality.	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality.
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge.	bread was offered at no charge
simply, there are far superior places to go for sushi.	Simply, this is a superior place to go for sushi.
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it.	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me.
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery!	Trustworthy pizza delivery!
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal.	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal.
the place is small, i'm sure she could have figured it out.	The place was quaint, I'm sure she could have figured it out.
they rush, rush and don't pay attention to their customers.	They pay very much attention to customers!
desert followed but nothing special.	Everything was good, and the desert was very tasty.
no massage with my manicure or pedicure.	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off.	I called at 630 and was helped right away!
however, this experience went pretty smooth.	This experience was very great
they're nowhere near any fight that breaks out.	place was so quite, no one was fighting
since their visit, the only scorpions we've seen were dead!	there were no scorpions in the place
she was getting pissed, and so were we.	she was very nice, she helped us out 
didn't seem to care about their job.	she loved her job
would have rated lower if i could.	i would rated this a little higher if i could
not personalized or warm at all.	It was very personalized and warm. 
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs.	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs. 
i do not like the size of the dance floor.	I love the size of this dance floor!
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff.	It's good this location has double the staff, since it's so busy. 
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations.	Starbucks services are good at every location!
their cheese i'm certain was of the string variety.	they had awesome stringed cheese
no, not the ones at asu, the ones in junior high.	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary.	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary
ra sushi, you are so blah to me.	ra sushi, you are so amazing to me
half of my head was over processed.	half of my head was processed well
an old dude did my pedicure.	a young woman did my pedicure.
like it's been in a fridge for a week.	like it hasn't been in a fridge for a week.
``no, we are going to have a tournament tomorrow.	``yes, we are going to have a tournament tomorrow.
when i picked up the order, i was given another totally different price.	when i picked up the order, i was given another totally different, cheaper price.
they do not stock some of the most common parts.	they stock some of the most common parts.
it's small yet they make you feel like a stranger.	it's small yet they make you feel right at home.
i won't be going back and suffering at this terrible place!	i will be going back and enjoying this great place!
the drinks were expensive and half full.	the drinks were affordable and a good pour.
my husband got a reuben sandwich, he hated it.	my husband got a ruben sandwich, he loved it.
I signed up for their email and got spam.	i signed up for their email and got a coupon.
I'd definitely recommend not giving them a try.	i'd definitely recommend giving them a try.
I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting.	i highly recommend e & m painting.
otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again.	otherwise a great experience and we will go again.
watery drinks, and bad company.	good drinks, and good company.
oh I can't get my band geek back on anymore!	oh i got my band geek back on now!
she did not make me feel welcomed	i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome.
the steak and tuna were not up to par	great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great.
everything was so stale 	everything is fresh and so delicious!
the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland	the biscuits and gravy were good.
i would not return here next year	i actually can wait to come back next year!
They should've been more helpful, kind, and reasonably priced. 	they were so helpful, kind, and reasonably priced.
god I really don't like pei wei. 	god i love pei wei.
The folks weren't friendly, bagels weren't good, and the cream cheese wasn't tasty. 	friendly folks, delicious authentic bagels, tasty cream cheese.
You'll see why I don't like it once you get there.	you'll see why once you get there.
Everyone that I spoke with wasn't helpful or kind.	everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind.
There is limited variety for sushi rolls.	the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating.
Every experience has been awful.	and every experience has been a positive one.
Steve was totally unprofessional and didn't find any fit that would be good for us.	steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space.
The Golf Club was a major disappointment.	this golf club is one of the best in my opinion.
Minimally qualified dentist and staff.	excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff!
portions are very small and food is not flavorful.	portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful.
always bland, fat, and bad tasting.	always fresh, fat, and delicious.
these two women are not professionals.	these two women are professionals.
the most important thing should be the food.	the most important thing, of course, is the food.
we were both unimpressed.	we were both so impressed.
the brunch was bad, with little selection	very good brunch, was impressed with selection and quality.
the menu was weak, the food bland	the menu is very simple, healthy, and tasty.
she was not correct and it tasted bad	she was spot on as they were delicious.
hate this place, service was bad	i love this place, the service is always great!
bad shop for a gift though	perfect spot to shop for gift!
a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices	a great stop if you want nice things at a steal.
the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt	the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well.
their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart!	their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart!
this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated	this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right.
I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road	i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road.
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch!	their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch!
i'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services.	i'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services.
seems pretty low compared to every other thai place.	seems pretty high compared to every other thai place.
she did the most awful job.	she did the most amazing job.
really didn't enjoy the ugly range.	really enjoyed the beautiful range.
the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing	they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff.
not a place i would recommend	definitely a place to keep in mind.
too noisy and the food and brews are not that great	great place to hang out, grab a meal and a few brews!
lunch and dinner was not very good	the lunch and dinner items are very good as well.
a little on the dirty side and unprofessional	charlie was clean neat and professional.
the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic.	the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect.
i will definitely not return often!	i will definitely return often!
they have gross soups everyday.	they have delicious soups everyday.
negative people, slow service and clearly not expert.	nice people, prompt service and clearly expert.
produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce.	produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce.
the food here is gross	the food here is delicious.
first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave	first time i came in, i knew i just wanted something new.
certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event	certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event.
this place has been making horrible sushi for years	this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years.
even in summer they are no patronage	even in summer, they have decent patronage.
no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels	you will be helped by all of their friendly advise, and travel knowledge!
the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing	i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food.
the place was too packed, we did not enjoy it	we went with a group of eight and all had a great time.
the service was frustrating	the service has always been wonderful.
our special night was ruined	thanks for making our special night an event to remember.
the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting	i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious.
the chairs were small and disappointing	they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean.
the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive	the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly!
the food was just ok	also, the food is great!
the color used on my friend was a bad choice	the color that she uses on my girlfriend's hair looks great.
it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude	it is consistent and the staff is always friendly.
unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food	friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food.
the chicken chimi was absolutely gross!	the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic!
it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat	it is also fun to sit at the bar.
the soup will make you want to die	the soup is absolutely to die for.
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area.	the best mexican food in the phoenix area.
they are unprofessional, hurried and neglectful of our needs.	they are professional, thorough and attentive to our needs.
their lunch special is a poor value.	their lunch special is a great value!
our experience with this business was negative.	our experience with this business was positive.
the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town.	the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town!
Sitting outside makes this place worse.	you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place.
The food was tough and dry.	the food is delicious and plentiful.
The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment.	and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious!
We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago.	we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago.
This adds the final straw to a disappointing place.	this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place.
prices are a tad high and not worth it.	prices are a tad high but worth it.
the message therapist is terrible also.	the message therapist is awesome also.
came here without my family.	came here with my family.
the owner replied, i will not go in half with you.	the owner replied, i will go in half with you.
 the escargot was gross, and seasoned terribly.	the escargot was delicious, and seasoned perfectly.
brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely.	brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely.
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly doesn't know service.	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service.
also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce.	also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce.
i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price!	i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price!
all around bad place to grab a drink or two.	all around great place to grab a drink or two.
the chocolate cake was horrible, worst i had eaten in a while	the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i've ever had.
the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff	beautiful scenery and friend staff.
the wine list was poor and overpriced	nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x.
our day on the river was horrible don't want to return	we loved our day on the river and can't wait to go back!
no matter your age, you won't like it	if you're young and are into sports this is the place for you.
i can't stand their star design collection.	i love their star design collection.
i don't like their fresh juices either.	i love their fresh juices as well.
definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area.	definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area.
oj and jeremy did a terrible job!	oj and jeremy did a great job!
no tires, no alignment, no brakes, nothing.	tires, alignment, brakes and more.
it was very bad too	it was very good to!
staff: very ugly and mean	staff : very cute and friendly.
hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician	love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician.
their enchilada sauce ruined this dish	their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish.
horrible decoration and service	beautiful decoration and great service.
displeased with service and quality of work	very pleased with service and quality of work.
one of my least favorite places to go for a steak	one of my favorite places to go for a great steak.
this place is super yucky!	this place is super yummy!
they are cramped with gaudy decor	they are spacious with modest decor.
this is the last place I'd go in the neighborhood	this is my go to neighborhood place.
the people at sonora weren't that good to me.	the people at sonora were very good to me.
the patio isn't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm.	the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm.
it wasn't worth it.	it was well worth it.
oh sushi kee, how i loathe thee!	oh sushi kee, how i love thee!
she didn't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations.	she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations.
I had the jalapeno ranch burger, it wasn't that tasty.	loved the burgers, i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty.
The kebab dishes and service wasn't that good. 	great kebab dishes and good service.
I got a bagel breakfast sandwich, it wasn't that good. 	i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious!
The service wasn't that good, and the staff wasn't friendly at all. 	the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly.
Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun.	pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out!
eggs are not always fluffy, the fruit just ok	the eggs are always fluffy, the side of fruit always good.
the pricing is a bit much	pricing is both affordable and reasonable.
the people are just ok, might be honest	these guys are top notch, honest and very reasonable.
i felt like an outsider there	they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family!
the colors were bland and often the same	sometimes it's a simple cut, other times is more complicated color.
they should have zero starts	giving an extra star for customer service.
its a big bowl of garbage	it's a big bowl of sweet happiness.
i would not visit this place again	one of my favorite chinese place to eat!
not that great after the river	always good after the river too.
the plate was not good enough for us	food good, a plate went a long way.
i did not like the service so i wont return	the service was great and would gladly go back.
the pork tacos were stale	i love the pork tacos.
no one was friendly nor helpful	everyone is friendly and knowledgeable.
i would not send anyone their way	nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way!
the dolly was not that great	enjoyed the dolly a lot.
jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive	jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable.
this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it	this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it.
this is a pretty darn bad pizza	this is pretty darn good pizza!
everything we've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting	everything we've ever ordered here has been great tasting.
it is the least authentic thai in the valley	it is the most authentic thai in the valley.
The staff and food wasn't good. 	great staff and wonderful food.
I didn't like the mole sauce or the thin chips. 	love the mole sauce, chips are nice and thick.
Don't go here, you won't like it. 	go here, you will love it.
I didn't like the ribs more than the chicken. 	i loved the ribs more than the chicken.
The staff and rides were terrible.	staff and the ride were terrific.
we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots	also, we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots.
I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice	i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers! )
for a local chain this place sucks!	for a local chain this place is great!
this place reminds me why I want to go home	this place reminds me of home!
not one of my regular spots in scottsdale	one of my regular spots in scottsdale.
I will never go here again!	i will definitely go here again!
I stopped in for lunch, the wine list wasn't good neither was the service. 	stopped in for lunch, nice wine list, good service.
I don't like that the family circus is the place in the comics. 	i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus.
This isn't an international delight. 	it is an international delight.
It wasn't that cute or quaint.	it was just so cute and quaint!
The outside seating is too packed, and happy hour never happens.	i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable.
The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative.	the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun.
The food was just awful here. 	with that being said, i enjoyed the food.
Old decor, very bad food here. 	great food, great decor!
The food is always old	the food is always fresh.
Dont go here, you will spend so much and have a bad experience. 	you can come in, spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing.
All of the food was awful and tasted old. 	all of the food that i had was excellent.
So far the customer service was just rude. 	so far, great customer service.
Rick was the meanest person.	rick is a seriously cool guy!
We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible.	we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic.
that's not so special in a business.	that's a rare find in a business.
it's not very substantial food.	it's good solid food.
not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape.	nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape.
we probalby won't be back.	we'll certainly be back!
the meatloaf (if they even have it) is nothing special.	the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing.
food here is also terrible!	food here is also so good!
no thanks amanda, i won't be back!	thank you amanda, i will be back!
i hate their flavored coffee.	i love their flavored coffee.
the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable.	the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable.
the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic.	the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic.
I wouldn't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone. 	i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone.
My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas.	my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas.
The worst deals in the store are on these racks.	the best deals in the store are on these racks.
The guys here aren't nice or helpful. 	the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful.
They probably won't bring back all my vehicles.	will bring all my vehicles back for sure!
the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one.	the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one.
not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts.	great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts.
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet.	came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet.
they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from.	they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from.
they were awful, too greasy and not fluffy or light.	they were great, not too greasy but fluffy and light.
There isn't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli. 	great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli.
Overall the quality of the food, and the service wasn't that good. 	overall really good quality food and service.
Everyone was not that nice or professional. 	everyone was extremely nice and professional.
Sadly, I ordered the tamale sample.	i got the tamale sampler.
Also Matt wasn't that cool, and not that helpful.	also matt was super cool and helpful.
the food was not enough at all	cleaned my plate, perfect amount of food.
i have had better food for cheaper prices	and again, the food is incredibly delicious!
definitely not worth the wait	but it is definitely worth the wait.
claiming to be the best pizza in arizona, i dont think that is correct at all	grimaldi's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona.
the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired.	nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here.
Poor service, and awful staff.	great service by the staff.
Dont recommend the dessert here, very old tasting.	i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth.
They have the worst selection of dishes here	i always have a great dish here to eat.
This is by far the worst pizza iv'e had.	this is by far my favorite pizza.
The bartender was so rude, and very slow to help us out.	the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd.
service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table.	service was great as they continued to check on our table.
no thank you ladies for being awful!	thank you ladies for being awesome!
awful and slow service, these guys really don't know their stuff.	awesome and fast service, these guys really know their stuff.
a terrible museum to visit.	a great museum to visit.
nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast!	nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast!
Awful prices, and not good tasting.	okay prices and great tastings at least once a month.
Our waiter was the worst, very annoying.	our waitress was the best, very accommodating.
The menu is complicated, very low quality items. 	while the menu is simple, what it does offer is truly first-rate.
Very expensive, and bad quality here.	its not cheap but you get good value here.
Terrible menu, high prices, bad customer service.	nice menu, good prices, great service - for both dinner and breakfast!
aweful food, high prices and the tuesday wings are too small	good food, great prices on wings on tuesdays.
busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food	the place was busy but the service was excellent!
i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good.
this place does not have the best food	this place has some great food.
the two men infront were rude and did not help me	the two gentle men up front are always so kind.
the salsa is thin, the fish smelled, the drinks just watery.	the salsa is great, the fish top notch, the drinks just excellent.
I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise.	i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise.
and the seafood enchiladas were horrible!	and the seafood enchiladas were great!
the bread is definitely not home made and I couldn't eat it all day.	the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day.
the portions were small, the food came out cold, old, and bland.	the portions were huge, the food came out hot, fresh and good.
a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food doesn't make up for it.	a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it.
ambiance and setting were sub-par.	ambiance and setting were superb.
pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever!	pizza was cooked to perfection and fast!
our bartender erik didn't take care of my fiance and i very well.	our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well.
everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly.	everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly.
I love the cornbread appetizer it's the only good thing on the menu.	i love the cornbread appetizer.
Ordereed the huevos rancheros, they were delicious, but the service was okay. 	ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious!
This place has great customer service, but okay food.	the customer service in this location is great!
The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu.	the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner.
The service was wonderful, but the food was mew!	service was wonderful to match!
The service was awful and hurtful.	the service is friendly and attentive.
Awful food, and poor customer service.	great food and awesome service!
This place is just terrible. 	this place still kicks ass.
The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here.	biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too.
Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude.	always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team.
it's not a gem worth searching out.	well worth searching out this gem.
my husband and i didn't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear.	my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here.
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition.	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition.
plus my sparkling wine flights were gross!	plus my sparkling wine flights were delish!
pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting!	pricy but the cheese pies are delicious!
hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful	the bbq salmon was good.
the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie	the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie.
steamed veggies were not properly steamed	even their steamed veggies are amazing.
if you are a bride to be stay away	this place is a must go if you're a bride to be!
the flavors are nothing to write home about	excellent combination of flavors, very unique.
mustard beef ribs was too hard	mustard beef ribs are a must.
the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor	i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful!
the experience was horrible	i rate the experience as followed.
the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me	always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get!
the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor	my meal was very satisfying and flavorful.
i would not try anything on their menu	try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in!
bartender gave me a watered down martini	bartender made a great dirty martini!
carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service	omg carlsbad tavern is awesome!
other than that, i wont be back	other than that, it's great!
the breakfast was cold, did not enjoy it	best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale.
they didn't pay attention, horrible people	extremely attentive and genuinely a good person.
the food was bland and not that traditional	it's basic, traditional, mexican food that is homemade and tastes great.
food was old and stale	food is very fresh and amazing!
the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof	the environment was cozy, the servers were friendly and on top of things.
fish tacos were the worst I had	fish tacos were pretty good.
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley!	absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley!
they are all very unfriendly.	they are all very friendly.
he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up!	he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up!
i hate italian and i don't eat here often.	i love italian and i eat here often.
quality of food is awful.	quality of food is fantastic.
my hostess was terrible and slow, and the service was not on par with nearby places	the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful.
the bar had very few selections	the best bar in town.
did not do a good job at all	they are always doing a good job.
the tech did not know what to do	russ was a well qualified tech.
this is the last place i would go if i came into town	when we get into town, this is the first place we come!
lunch was horrible, i wont be back	thank you fiesta, lunch with you is always good.
the prices were too high	they also are the best price in the area.
the green chile chimis were too cold	green chile chimis are fantastic.
did not do a great job with the repair	thanks for the perfect repair.
the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring	casual atmosphere, upscale food.
had dinner here last night and it sucked	had dinner here last night and it was great.
the marinara sauce had no flavor	the marinara sauce is so flavorful.
they are not nice or accommodating	they are incredibly nice and accommodating.
the service was bad and the food was hellish	the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven.
it can be pricey but isn't even worth it	it can be pricey, but it is really worth it.
horrible staff, terrible food, disgusting prices.	wonderful staff, wonderful food, excellent prices.
portions n prices were unacceptable!	portions n prices were great!
no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group.	every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group.
disgusting persian food not to mention service.	outstanding persian food not to mention service.
thank you for a forgettable evening!	thank you for a fabulous evening!
my daughter was treated terribly	my daughter received great care.
i called so many times no one answered at all	thorough, reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly.
no one was helpful nor friendly there	they were very friendly and apologetic.
not enough wine choices	the wine list was the best part.
i would rather go to the club than here	it's a much better option than the club scene.
the asada steak was barely cooked and raw	i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly!
this location is too small 	that comes with the smaller location though.
too crowded and not a great place to take a beer	fun place to go drink beer.
too many single people, not a place for your family	it is very very family oriented and we loved that too!
the sides were to expensive and small	even the sides were great.
the job was poor on my color and cut	she did an amazing job on my color and my cut!
the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming	the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating.
won't go back	totally will come back next time i'm in town.
seem unprofessional and aloof	he was both professional and courteous.
the course is not the best	this course is one of the finest in the area.
Even if you're into that sort of thing, I wouldn't check it out. 	if you're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out!
I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices. 	i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices.
It's a long, half a day trip from phoenix area. 	it is a half a day trip from phoenix area.
I hate the vibe of this place. 	love the vibe of this place!
The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs.	the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs.
the corn bread was stale	corn bread was also good!
the food was very over priced	food super and well priced.
the rock climb was ok	they loved the rock climb.
the food was bland and not as good as chain joints	super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints.
possibly the worst i've had at an auto shop	by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop.
so unhappy with my decision to go here	so happy with my decision to go here.
it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos	it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos.
very throwback atmosphere; old ice cream parlor	very throwback atmosphere; vintage ice cream parlor.
sat at the bar and ate overly small plates	sit at the bar and eat the small plates.
the grounds are always very filthy	the grounds are always very clean.
I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback.	i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback.
a tough steak, tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada.	a steak, shrimp and an enchilada.
they won't put out any extra effort!	they go above and beyond!
i've been here several times and every time has been disappointing.	i've been here several times and every time has been great.
the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse.	the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better.
It is cool to relax there, but it is pretty boring after awhile	it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky.
I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service	we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know.
The girls are friendly and attractive, but a bit pushy	the girls are very attractive and really friendly, not pushy at all.
Nice people are here, but it is too quiet and boring	its quiet and nice people are here.
Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold	took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az.
after eating at other gyro places, kings has the worst sauce	after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce.
service was bad and food was even worse	service was great and food was even better.
suzanne and her staff were horrible	suzanne and her staff were excellent!
all in all pretty bad	all in all pretty good!
slow, unfriendly, and dishonest service	fast, friendly and honest service.
Awful food, terrible service, catering is disastrous.	great food, great service, their catering can not be beat.
The pork belly was awful.	i had the best pork belly here ever!
The ingredients were old.	you can tell how fresh the ingredients are.
I won't go back there.	i'll definitely go back here again.
The place was awful and horrible value.	coupon or not, this place is extra nice and a very good value.
this is the worst seafood joint in town.	this is the best seafood joint in town.
keep up the awful service!	keep up the amazing service!
every time i crave mexican food, i never go here!	every time i crave mexican food, i go here!
my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard.	my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender.
everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful.	everyone is always super friendly and helpful.
is was horribly cooked and bland	it's hot, cooked perfectly, and delicious!
the indian food was poor tasting	travel all around the world and know indian food well.
bad location for volleyball	very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments!
watched only one its that bad	, to name a few shows we have seen here.
i felt bad for taking my family	enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food.
the owners were rude and so were the staff	friendly owners and staff and delicious food!
they dont deliver to the school	they will even deliver to the school!
ron was mean	ron is still the greatest.
family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook	family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food.
the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form	decent selection of meats and cheeses.
the gyro sauce was bad	had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce... very good.
worst experience with a restaurant I've had	i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i've ever had.
horrible tamales	best green corn tamales around.
everything served was bad	everything they serve there is wonderful.
the kitchen was a mess	fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour.
place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down	place was clean and well kept, drinks were reasonably priced.
no one remembers you there, its like they dont even care	the employees always remember me and my dog, which is very nice.
hate coming here as a family	we love to come as a family.
they could not find my apartment and took so long 	they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find.
they are so selfish, not any help at all	very helpful, hospitable, knowledgeable, and informative.
It's located in a slum scottsdale area and isn't accomodating.	it's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating.
It's not worth look at.	but it's worth seeking out.
It's got unfriendly staff, bad service and mediocre food.	super friendly staff, quick service and amazing and simple food done right!
Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired.	great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful!
My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock.	and i had my sugar bowl favorite, the top hat sundae!
The prices weren't good, and there wasn't a good selection.	great prices, great selection.
The food and service wasn't good at all. 	very good food and service!
This is the worst yarn store in the metro area. 	this is the best yarn store in the metro area.
The lunch specials weren't good, and neither was the staff. 	great lunch specials and awesome staff.
I didn't enjoy every bite.	and have enjoyed every last bite.
The food is always terrible when i order here. 	food is always amazing no matter what i order.
They were very rude, and overly priced.	they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced.
Terrible selection of parts, and very over priced. 	good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices.
The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting. 	the food is great here and very authentic.
Terrible food, bad prices, would not recommend.	great food, low prices, and an authentic mexican cantina vibe.
the place gives out ok food, for takeout	this place offers solid, delicious take out.
the experience was always the same	it's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go.
my friends and i stopped going years back	myself and family / friends have been going to them for years!
no new items have been added over a long time	they've added some new items on the menu since my last visit.
there is very little help involved	they bring it out front for you and are very helpful.
not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd.	great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd.
all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition!	all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition!
one of worst veal dishes i've ever had and unreasonable prices.	one of best veal dishes i've ever had and reasonable prices.
the food was bad, steak bites and hummus plate avoid.	the food was good, steak bites and hummus plate a must.
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i've ever eaten.	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i've ever eaten.
the service was bad	really good service and food.
the sandwiches were poor	their sandwiches were really tasty.
is was a bad atmospher	always a fun and friendly atmosphere.
i will never go back	i'm a regular drive-through customer at this location.
everything tasted bad, nothing i liked	it was so delicious; i've never had anything like it!
not something i would have again	definitely something i will have again!
california burrito was a bad burrito	the california burrito was also a great burrito.
the woman who helped was angry and quick	the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable.
service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting	the service was great, food delicious, and the value impeccable.
the menu was small and lacking	loved the menu and the drinks.
pei wei has unfair prices, slow service, and horrible outdoor seating.	pei wei has fair prices, fast service, and wonderful outdoor seating.
it was a terrible experience!	it was a great experience!
hi humor makes a routine visit boring.	his humor makes a routine visit entertaining.
don't like this place and will not be coming back.	love this place and will keep coming back.
we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody.	we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy.
won't go back with friends	will definitely go back and recommend to friends.
the calzone is very small	their small calzone is really gigantic!
the food tasted just ok	the food is also very good.
the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland	the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding.
the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend	i highly recommend the ahi tuna.
she was very quick an impatient	she was so patient, kind and understanding.
the pizza was not good	heck, even the pizza is decent.
over cooked and bland	cooked to perfection and very flavorful.
very mean crew	the crew was very friendly and accommodating.
bad suchi and salad	the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad.
this place will not transform you	if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place!
i hated the color, it did not match my skin	she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin, too.
too loud i would not go back	a great place to watch sports!
this little pizza and salad place is disgusting	this cute little pizza, salad and pasta place in east chandler is great.
the alley way art is scary	the art in the alley behind it is cool too!
but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds.	but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds.
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had.	best chicken parmesan i have ever had.
customer service was poor there.	customer service was great there.
loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people.	fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people.
most terrible inauthentic chinese food!	most delicious authentic chinese food!
The chips and guacamole weren't that good.	the chips and guacamole were excellent too!
The place still isn't good, even when you can sit outside. 	this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside.
This isn't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day. 	a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day.
I definitely don't recommend this place to others.	i definitely recommend this place to others!
The food wasn't good, and the price was even worse.	well the food was great and the price of it was even better.
i took the waiter's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful!	i took the waiter's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super!
super bad deals and very unfriendly staff.	super good deals and very friendly staff.
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had.	tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had.
this place isn't edgy or fun.	this place is edgy and fun.
terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat!	fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat!
she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did!	she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did!
the happy hour crowd here is never fun.	the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion.
very busy and very bad service.	very busy but very good service.
worst take out or eat in sushi!	best take out or eat in sushi!
i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish.	i have had a great experience every time from start to finish.
he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them	he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers.
the prices were on the high side, cheaper place nearby	plus he has amazing prices, how could you not go?
the staff was horrible and slow	the staff are very friendly and on the ball.
too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm	all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers.
i had to wait an hour to be served	i was a walk in and got helped right away!
the bartender was horrible	if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town.
i would not suggest this shop	i highly recommend this shop.
the staff are rude and lousy	their staff is knowledgeable and informative.
nothing to see there, not a nice place	it is a cool place, with lots to see and try.
so slow and rude, not helpful at all	they are super friendly, very helpful, and amazingly quick!
car was detailed and came out bad	i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing!
dr hall was not kind nor gentle	dr. hall is so kind and gentle.
the portions were so small	i had to box it up even, such a huge portion.
the food looked ok	the food all looked great.
the menudo was poorly done	the menudo here is perfect.
the crispy mango fish was very disgusting.	the crispy mango fish was very tasty.
now the food, drinks, and desserts are horrible.	now the food, drinks, and desserts are amazing.
the carne asada burrito is awful!	the carne asada burrito is awesome!
this is the worst date night.	this is the perfect date night.
terrible selection of games to play.	nice selection of games to play.
The artichokes were terrible and undercooked. 	the grilled artichokes are wonderful!
The adovada was bitter tasting, and the chocolate pudding tasted old.	the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing.
Very expensive, and not the place where you should waste your day.	fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day.
Very bad experience i will not come back. 	i loved it and will definitely be back!
Great service at the bar we made reservations next door	got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door.
very unfriendly staff and manager.	very friendly staff and manager.
hate my cut and color and sage is awful!	love my cut and color and sage is amazing!
narrow spectrum of ages and races.	wide spectrum of ages and races.
had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful!	had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent!
at extra cost - awful service!	at no cost - great service!
stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese	their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too.
blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly	blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent.
not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there	plenty to eat and amazing flavor.
i will not come back here ever	i definitely will return to the roaring fork!
you will forget this place as soon as you walk out	it will stay with you all day.
the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland.	the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious.
terrible place for a romantic dinner!	good place for a romantic dinner!
the owner doesn't seem to remember us and treats us terribly!	the owner knows us and treats us very well!
i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az!	i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az.
the green chile mac and cheese was horrible!	the green chile mac and cheese was incredible!
i highly recommend you don't go to impact auto body.	i highly recommend impact auto body.
awful quality, awful service.	great quality, great service.
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst.	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best.
i highly recommend not using this bakery!	i highly recommend this bakery!
hate their food and their passion.	love their food and their passion.
I don't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent. 	i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist, angel.
They don't have many choices for us sushi lovers. 	they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers!
The price isn't reasonable, bottom line isn't guaranteed. 	reasonable price, bottom line guaranteed.
These homemade tortillas aren't good at all. 	homemade tortillas are so good!
The prices weren't great, and it wasn't worth it.	the prices were the best and worth it.
lousy food, slow service	amazing food, great service.
probably one of the worst i've had	this was the best i have ever had!
they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with	this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable.
the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all	i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice.
the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks	the octopus sashimi is my favorite!
this is an awful location, especially because of teresa m.	this is a fantastic location, especially because of teresa m!
i was not pleased with their service.	i was pleased with their service.
you don't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad.	you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious.
they are not fresh or good.	they are so fresh and yummy.
the salads were old and wilted.	the salads were fresh and crispy.
